you guys know the name Marie Kondo she's
uh right how many have you been cleaning
out your closets because of her alright
not that maybe she wrote a book she's uh
got a book in a Netflix show the show is
called tidying up you haven't seen it
she basically she makes people get rid
of stuff so we've been doing our show
for 16 years I'm a packrat and I'm a
slob - and I've accumulated a lot of
stuff so someone thought it would be a
good idea to ask Marie Kondo to help now
none of this is set up is really my
office and how it really looks here at
the show and well and here's Marie Kondo
giving me a little help thank you for
coming
can I be very honest with you I had a
nightmare about this the other night I
woke up upset because I dreamed you came
into my office and started destroying my
things about my method is that you'll be
doing all the hard work Jimmy actually
I'm a I never enforce anybody to throw
anything away
great yeah well our work here is done
Thanks you know even though with the
kumari method what we'll be doing here
today is checking everything that's your
own spark joy or not if it sparks joy we
keep it if it doesn't it goes exactly
okay
let's tidy up
how about everyone who uses this office
here take this time to send a little
love and appreciation to them that's a
good idea
I'll post it it's very simple just close
your eyes and simply in your heart
express gratitude for all that this
office does for you it's another one so
it's also important to have a vision for
your office before you tidies how would
you best like to use this office I'd
like it to be a little more organized as
I like it to be I'd like it not to look
like a rumpus room of you might be like
no you're not you don't say rumpus I was
just mine oh I have so dressing closets
so spacious I have a lot of blacks you
can miss me but they spark joy for your
a soon know I just have to wear them for
the show so don't worry about did you
miss your let's take this opportunity to
express your gratitude for them express
my gratitude to the saw somebody come on
Kristin
thanks socks for always being there in
the drawer protecting my feet and
keeping them warm and for all the other
great things you do perfect these are my
books get it the trick is to take all
the books out oh great about case and
make a mountain this is the nightmare I
have this
we've got the phone the Yellow Pages
make this anymore oh this is a book
called full disclosure I read that you
said you should only have 30 books I
don't know where that rumor came from oh
that's a rule conception okay good
goodness I need more than 30 so once you
have this Mountain the the thing
I like to do is wake up the books a
little bit Oh wake up the books hey guys
wake up this is your yes area yeah it
really is more embarrassing when you
stop and take a look at it when you look
around just survey the area what sparks
jewelry which well this is a wiffle bat
signed by Magic Johnson you know Magic
Johnson is he a baseball player
no he's a basketball player he'll be a
confident this is something that spark
joy yeah what's this mini he's like so
that's what I read right we'll put that
up on the wall so I have all this stuff
on the ground
here's a medal you're gonna need to
touch each and every one and see which
one brings you joy okay oh oh there's my
pants I don't wonder in what happened I
lost these now I own them thank you
this is an emergency ladder
no those were oh yeah that is a copper
yeah oh boy yeah sorry about that so
this is a sculpture my cousin and my
brother had this made for me of my
grandfather's head now it's great and I
love it
but it's right here in the middle of the
coffee table and I'm worried that it's
gonna get ruined
so perhaps you can create a one
dedicated shelf for your grandfather's
head that sounds horrible but I think
you're right yeah maybe I'll get rid of
all these bottles of alcohol and this
table will be dedicated to my
grandfather's head good idea I want to
show you one more thing are you familiar
with the song the rain by orange juice
Jones hey did you see John thank you so
sorry No okay well the song goes like
this it goes hey hey baby how you doing
today you miss me you did I missed you
too
I miss you so much I followed you today
now close your mouth cuz your cold
busted now sit down on your sit honey
I'm so upset with you I don't know what
to do my first impulse was to run them
on and do a ramble about the jammy flat
blast both of you but I don't want to
mess up this $3,700 Lynx coat so instead
I chill that's right I chill and then I
went to the bank took out every dime I'm
gonna cancel all your credit cards all
your charge counts I stuck you up every
piece of jewelry I've ever bought you
everything everything no no don't go
look in that closet everything you came
here with just packed up and waiting for
you in the guest room what was your
thinking about what was he trying to
prove he's with the juice
[Music]
you dismiss tricks were made for kids
don't you know that okay that's the key
right there because this is a box of
tricks and it's signed my orange juice
Jones
I'll wait for you to translate I worried
you were gonna come in here like the
Cookie Monster just destroying
everything but the seat and so even cut
a lot but the point here is that I'm not
gonna tell you for you it's everyone's
job to tidy their own space I'm going to
tell my assistants that real quick hey
guys it's your job to tidy my own space
and so what I'm gonna do now is I'm
gonna clean up you know and we'll see
what the result of this is okay I'm
Steven I'll be looking forward to that
thank you very much thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
imagine - congratulations on making it
to the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it